hey YouTube something very unexpected
happened
well let's see I had to my nose in a
cooler okay and then this moist soil on
there and then I'm expectedly I found
the lady yeah and then I came with these
over these two and no legs I put them in
this container with a lie because it's
very cold outside and I want thanks to
survive so very unexpected so whenever I
found them breathing after this is worth
anything whenever they were done took
him out let him go
but a few weeks later I took them there
coz my dad wanted me to dump all this
stuff out because we needed the cooler
so so I was gonna dump them out until I
found these two exit cooler so I got
gardening tool and scooped under those
so I wouldn't disturb them and then I in
my room with this so please comment I
really really need help on this I do not
know how to take care of an old eggs and
I want them to survive so please comment
there's a very first video so no heat
comments please thanks I really need to
carry on these eggs I really really do
some please help and comment um you'd
only need to subscribe this is my first
video as you could tell by the name I'm
here to keep her I was gonna make a
video my bearded dragon after it arrived
but this was expected I really really
need help on this song bye thanks please
comment please I'm begging you please
comment and there y'all - oh my legs
really need help on care but